gh-120522: Add a `--with-app-store-compliance` configure option to patch out problematic code (#120984)
python/cpython: Doc/library/urllib.parse.rst

The module has been designed to match the internet RFC on Relative Uniform
Resource Locators. It supports the following URL schemes: ``file``, ``ftp``,
``gopher``, ``hdl``, ``http``, ``https``, ``imap``, ``itms-services``, ``mailto``, ``mms``,
``news``, ``nntp``, ``prospero``, ``rsync``, ``rtsp``, ``rtsps``, ``rtspu``,
``sftp``, ``shttp``, ``sip``, ``sips``, ``snews``, ``svn``, ``svn+ssh``,
``telnet``, ``wais``, ``ws``, ``wss``.

> .. note::

Reviewer: Should this be `impl-detail` and "...CPython has been built.." rather than a regular note?

Author: Didn't know that option existed. Definitely seems appropriate here.

> .. note::
> 
>    The inclusion of the ``itms-services`` URL scheme can prevent an app from
>    passing Apple's App Store review process for the macOS and iOS App Stores.
>    Handling for the ``itms-services`` scheme is always removed on iOS; on
>    macOS, it *may* be removed if Python has been built with the
>    ``--with-app-store-compliance`` option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. impl-detail::

   The inclusion of the ``itms-services`` URL scheme can prevent an app from
   passing Apple's App Store review process for the macOS and iOS App Stores.
   Handling for the ``itms-services`` scheme is always removed on iOS; on
   macOS, it *may* be removed if CPython has been built with the
   ``--with-app-store-compliance`` option.
```

>    ``--with-app-store-compliance`` option.

Reviewer 2: Consider adding a link:

```suggestion
   :option:`--with-app-store-compliance` option.
```

Author: TIL. Didn't know that was an option.
